>> Mike North: So one of the great
strengths of the TypeScript compiler
is that is uses implicit typing.
Unlike other strongly typed
programming languages,
we don't necessarily need to define
the type upfront in our code.
In this situation here,
we've got teacher's age equals 34, and
we know 34 is a number.
So we have enough information
to say teacher age,
that variable's type is number.
If we then, try to assign teacher age
to another value that's not a number,
we're gonna get an error.
And, what we're looking at here,
is the idea of type equivalents, right?
It basically,
is trying to figure out if this
string thing can be converted
into a number, somehow.
And without any additional information,
like in this case,
we would need to explicitly parse int or
something, right?
To make that conversion work.
So, this is one of the first things
you'll see about TypeScript, that after
assigning, after a variable gets a type,
you're not allowed to change that type.
And again, we'll type,
a the result of a the assignment.
>> Mike North: JavaScript does let
you flip-flop between types, right?
You could have run this code
without incident in JavaScript, and
it would have been fine.
But that is the kind of thing
that can lead to de-optimization.
And if you have the slides and
click that link.
There's a great blog post about it comes
up, called Hidden Classes In Chrome
that describes some of the stuff
that I was just talking about.
The hot code versus hot and
cold paths [LAUGH]